Dynamcially changeable logging levels in Kafka (#3469)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/con-kafka-logging.adoc

  # ...
----

> Both external and inline logging changes are configured dynamically.

Reviewer: It looks like this covers also Zookeeper which is not dynamically configurable?

> Both external and inline logging changes in Kafka brokers are configured dynamically.

Reviewer 2: Lets use language that's more self explanatory:

```suggestion
Changes to both external and inline logging levels will be applied to Kafka brokers without a restart.
```
